That's once again how the rod is able to differentiate between the devices.
Let's have a look at both output in the show IP translations the boast output we can see when it was
created.
So this one was created two minutes and 38 seconds ago.
This one two minutes and 34 seconds ago you can see the use and the timeout and what's left on these
entries.
What's important to remember for dynamic not translations such as this is that multiple internal IP
addresses are being tied to a single external IP address.
You mustn't forget to include the overload keyword.
If you forget to that key word only one device will be able to access the internet.
Overloading enables Pat or port address translation which allows multiple internal devices to share
the same global IP address and the router that's doing the nat well in this case port address translational
Pat can differentiate between the sessions based on the port numbers.